hello for this recipe you will find
all the ingredients under the video and
we spinning kitchen remembering
turn on the oven at 150 degrees before
prepare his duchess and there I start
by mixing in a salad bowl 200 g of
sugar 60 g flour 60 g powder
of almonds and 60 grams of powder
Hazelnut
I add 60 g of melted butter and I will
now mount so egg whites in
snow
its extension chan is a little
they lie
I added a third of the whites to the
preparation
and that's this first part of
whites it serves me to relax the dough
I add the rest of the whites that
delicately mixing I have now
make rounds of dough on plates
buttered oven and floured attention I
should make rounds about 4 to 5 cm
of diameter well spaces and and
especially make it an even number
since it will seem two by two
with spread
it's gone for eight minutes of cooking
debuchy became pocket champion at
month sleeve I 'm exaggerating maybe a
little bit that I like to put the
things in a socket pocket I
find it easier than spreading to
the teaspoon the nutella between two
cookies but of course if you do not have
a little spoon at your place does not hesitate
not
the duchesses are ready
it's a safe bet that they will not
not long fire then make you all
Wednesdays Saturdays and Sundays for
other equally delicious recipes
see you soon